{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2867
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
\f3\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red109\green109\blue109;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c50196\c50196\c50196;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww42700\viewh14940\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs42 \cf0 Move public-repo-internal-archive folder and contents to root. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Read all files in ui-fb-dev/ (including _UI_Specs/ ) \
and propose a restructure to support this feedback loop: \
\
WARM A's \uc0\u9472 \u9472 \u8594  during convo CAPTURE in user interview meeting notes (Google Drive/OtterAI txt/Superwhisper) -> re-organize \u8594  synthesize into themes + UPDATE REQUIREMENTS \u8594  UPDATE UI \u8594  REPEAT\
                \uc0\u8593 \
COLD \uc0\u8594  SCREEN \u8594  \u9583 \
                \uc0\u8593 \
WARM B's \uc0\u9472 \u9472 \u8594  REFERRALS \u8594  new names enter COLD or WARM\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Confidence: 88%
\f2\b0  \'97 good synthesis of your inputs, but the screener criteria are my best guess without seeing your actual people list.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 Fine, think about it now, lock it in, stop noodling after this.\

\f1\b The loop:
\f2\b0 \

\f1\b SCREEN \uc0\u8594  CAPTURE \u8594  PROCESS \u8594  SHIP \u8594  LOOP
\f2\b0 \

\f1\b 1. SCREEN (during conversation, 30 seconds in your head)
\f2\b0 \
Three yes/no questions: Do they use AI coding agents daily? Have they been frustrated enough to build workarounds? Would they actually install a proxy? All three yes = "A" tier, schedule follow-up. Two yes = "B" tier, send the README link. One or zero = friendly conversation, move on.\

\f1\b 2. CAPTURE (immediately after conversation, 60 seconds)
\f2\b0 \
Voice memo into Superwhisper. Fixed format: Name, role, tool they use, pain point in their words, what they reacted to, A/B/C tier, follow-up yes/no. That's it. Don't type anything. Don't open any docs.\

\f1\b 3. PROCESS (evening, 30 min max)
\f2\b0 \
Dump transcripts into single 
\f3\fs26 eag-raw-Feb-[date].md
\f2\fs24 . Claude session to extract: what pain points repeated today, any new ones, does the README language match how people actually describe their pain? Nico's point applies here \'97 keep changes self-contained so iteration is fast.\

\f1\b 4. SHIP (same evening, 20 min max OR flag for later)
\f2\b0 \
If 3+ people said the same thing and the README doesn't address it \uc0\u8594  update the README. One change per night maximum. If it needs a code change \u8594  note it for Jai, don't touch it yourself.\

\f1\b 5. LOOP (next morning)
\f2\b0 \
Glance at yesterday's notes for 5 minutes. Adjust your pitch if needed. Go talk to more people.\

\f1\b The Nico principle throughout:
\f2\b0  Keep changes self-contained. Each iteration is small enough that it doesn't break anything and builds trust (with yourself and with Jai when you sync after EAG).\
Now stop thinking about the system and go write those meeting invites.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 ~17% context window used | Mon Feb 9, 2026 1:32 PM PT\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs42 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\
\
Requirements:\
1. eag-sf/ folder for raw capture notes (one file per day, e.g. eag-raw-2026-02-13.md)\
2. One consolidated requirements doc (merge policy-config-requirements-live.md + \
   value-prop-requirements-live.md into single active-requirements.md)\
3. One current README draft to iterate on (the thing I show people)\
4. archive/ subfolder \'97 move anything reference-only or no longer actively updated\
5. Screener criteria pinned at top of a contacts.md or similar:\
   - Uses AI coding agents daily\
   - Senior enough to install own tools\
   - Has built workarounds for agent frustrations\
\
Rules:\
- Don't delete anything, only move\
- Don't rename files unless necessary for clarity\
- Time budget: 15 min max\
- Push back if I'm over-organizing\
- Output a checklist of every move/change so I can verify}